here lives lungs from George he's one of
the 18 species of giant turtles that are
native to the Galapagos Islands
bye
George is the last of his species
the enchanted islands were subjected to
years of irresponsible exploitation and
damage at the hands of man compromising
their future
apology today things are changing being
a native to the Galapagos I've had the
opportunity to be part of the changes
that are occurring in the islands I've
seen how this earthly paradise can be an
example on sustainable development
conservation of the environment the
equal distribution of resources and the
commitment of the community towards
social and environmental responsibility
are the fundamentals to coexistence
between man and nature sustainable
development guarantees the survival of
our world so that we may leave in
heritage to future generations all the
beauty that nature has to offer
my name is Claudia she's miss Ecuador
2011 i invite you to help me share this
message and become an agent of change